Tim Janssen

Software Engineer

202-555-0110

tjanssen_zety@gmail.com

linkedin.com/in/tjanssen_zety

 

Diligent software engineer with 5+ years experience in commercial application development. Eager to join Cyclone Inc. to build innovative and cutting edge business solutions for the impressive suite of clients within its global reach. In previous roles, slashed downtime by 25% and ensured 98% on-time project completion. Also identified and dealt with a significant process bottleneck that boosted coding efficiency by 35% when resolved.

 
Education

 

Bachelor of Computer Science

Carnegie Mellon University

2012–2015

Heavy focus on full stack engineering with modules on both front and back end processes.
Built a mock payment system for an Android ecommerce app for a senior year project.
 

Skills

 

Adaptability
Teamwork
Agile frameworks
Interpersonal communication skills
Java, HTML, CSS, SQL Server, No SQL
Status tracking frameworks (Jira and Rally)
Practical knowledge of SQL and database concepts
Solid knowledge of cybersecurity principles
 
 
Experience
 

Software Engineer

CirroStratus Inc.

May 2016–present

Engineered modern applications with Java, JavaScript, SQL Server, and No SQL.
Built innovative microservices and Web Services (incl. SOA/SOAP/REST/XML).
Utilized Cloud Foundry for efficient building on top of Kubernetes.
Efficiently deployed and integrated software engineered by team and updated integration/deployment scripts to improve continuous integration practices.
Liaised with Product Managers to identify minimum viable product requirements and clearly defined feature sets into well-scoped user stories for individual team members.
Key achievement: Maintained maximum uninterrupted flow of business-critical ops. Cut downtime by 25% and costs of warranty by up to 45%.

 

Software Engineering Intern

Kell Tech

September 2015–May 2016

Supported Kell Tech’s testing and engineering processes.
Confirmed that completed software met client requirements.
Completed maintenance on existing programs.
Worked closely with product team on scope of future projects and innovations.
Carried out continuous identification, measurement, and improvement of processes.
Key achievement: Identified and dealt with a significant process bottleneck that boosted coding efficiency by 35% when resolved.

 


Certifications

 

Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop (CCDH)
Oracle Java Certifications Associate Professional
Puppet Labs Puppet Developer Certification
 

Languages

 

Dutch (Advanced)